La acción del juego Fog Of War tiene lugar durante la segunda guerra mundial.
Domingo por la mañana temprano, 22 de Junio, 1944, Alemania, con el apoyo de sus aliados - Italia, Hungría, Rumanía, Finlándia y Eslovaquia - de repente y sin previo aviso atacó la USSR y empezó la gran guerra patriótica.

Puedes jugar solo o con tus amigos. Ocupa posiciones estratégicas, muévete a pie o mediante transporte. Puedes unirte a grupos ya formados o crear el tuyo propio, usar cualquier técnica y enseñarlas a tus aliados. Cada personaje tiene un conjunto único de armas y transporte, puedes usar cualquiera de ellos. Pero necesitas beneficiar a tu equipo y tus opciones van a depender solo de tu rendimiento personal. Ahora ya sabes por qué estás aquí. Únete a cualquier pelotón y demuestra lo que puedes hacer.

Durante el juego puedes desbloquear cualquier cosa que afecte al proceso del mismo. Variedad de artículos, estarán disponibles para comprar: joyería, contenido adicional o multimedia, o cualquier otra cosa. Pero sin oportunidad de influenciar en la jugabilidad.

Con cualquiera que elijas jugar, ganarás puntos de experiencia. Puedes ganar estos puntos incrementando en nivel de tu cuenta, desarrollando tus habilidades y completando misiones diarias. Además, con la experiencia ganada por tu personaje puedes comprar cualquier característica adicional.

Fog Of War is the first-person game. Management is easy to learn for experienced players and beginners as well.


Tactical Multiplayer TPS / FPS shooter with a story based on the events of the World War II. Strategic battles 50 vs 50 on the area of 25 km2 with a variety of vehicles, including artillery. Multiple game modes. Ranks, titles, awards, career.


Experience has shown that developer’s perception of the gameplay is different than player’s. We are sure that to create a good game we should cooperate with the public and gamers. So please, purchase early access to the game only if you want to help develop the project. By testing the game in the early access, anyone can help us improve it.
Currently the game is in development process. It may contain errors, some features may not be available or may not work correctly. Do not forget about this, please.


We want to be sure that the game is ready to release. It should work correctly as it supposed to. Together with the community of the players we plan to refine and add new additions to the game in every update. Once we understand that the game is ready to release, we will announce it to the public in our official social media.


In the early access, we are looking forward to an active relationship with the players. In addition, we plan to support the players participate in the Workshop. We planned support for Linux and Mac as well. During the additions and modifications, joint work and efforts of all participants in the process, it is possible to have such changes in the game we even can imaging and think about right now. When the game is ready, it will have the excellent fighters, commanders, vehicles, weapons, and much more interesting.


The game is on active development and testing. We add new features and modify old ones. Currently the game is available on the network in batch mode on multiple locations, you can use a variety of techniques, weapons and artillery. Some destruction and interaction with the fauna is found. Now we need the community's support for the further development of the game.


The game will not be cheaper. Now we continue to add new features to the game. It is possible to develop the entire new parts of the game. It is likely to increase its value after the early access will be no longer avaliable.


We plan to actively promote and support community participation in the development of the game. Contribute to the development of everyone who wants to be able to make it better. Share your impressions on Steam group and on the official game forum. We we will be able to see new ideas, feedback, and identify problems. In addition, there's also more information and answers to your questions will be available .
